#81 Updated README (#93)
operator-framework/catalogd: README.md

# catalogd

> Catalogd is a Kubernetes extension that unpacks and serves the package and bundle metadata of file-based catalog (FBC) content into on-cluster APIs. As component of the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) v1 microservices architecture, catalogd hosts Operators and controllers that extend Kubernetes APIs and helps customers discover installable content.

Reviewer: Nit: Simplification:
```suggestion
Catalogd is a Kubernetes extension that unpacks file-based catalog (FBC) content into on-cluster APIs. As a component of the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) v1 microservices architecture, catalogd hosts Operators and controllers that extend Kubernetes APIs and helps customers discover installable content.
```

> In its current state, the catalogd prototype is a custom API server that uses a (dedicated ectd instance)[configs/etcd] to serve [FBC](https://olm.operatorframework.io/docs/reference/file-based-catalogs/#docs) content on cluster in a Kubernetes-native way.

Reviewer: Remove this as catalogd doesn't currently implement an apiserver

    EOF
    ```
    
    *Example output*
    ```sh
    https://github.com/operator-framework/catalogd/releases/download/v0.3.0/catalogd.yaml
    namespace/catalogd-system created
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/bundlemetadata.catalogd.operatorframework.io created
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/catalogs.catalogd.operatorframework.io created
    customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/packages.catalogd.operatorframework.io created
    serviceaccount/catalogd-controller-manager created
    role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-leader-election-role created
    clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-manager-role created
    clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-metrics-reader created
    clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-proxy-role created
    rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-leader-election-rolebinding created
    clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-manager-rolebinding created
    clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/catalogd-proxy-rolebinding created
    service/catalogd-controller-manager-metrics-service created
    deployment.apps/catalogd-controller-manager created

>     ```

Author: Addressed in 227a130

        Manager:      kubectl-client-side-apply
        Operation:    Update
        Time:         2023-06-23T18:35:13Z
        API Version:  catalogd.operatorframework.io/v1alpha1
        Fields Type:  FieldsV1
        fieldsV1:
          f:status:
            .:
            f:conditions:
            f:phase:
        Manager:         manager
        Operation:       Update
        Subresource:     status
        Time:            2023-06-23T18:35:43Z
      Resource Version:  1397
      UID:               709cee9d-c669-46e1-97d0-e97dcce8f388
    Spec:
      Source:
        Image:
          Ref:  quay.io/operatorhubio/catalog:latest
        Type:   image
    Status:
      Conditions:
        Last Transition Time:  2023-06-23T18:35:13Z
        Message:               
        Reason:                Unpacking
        Status:                False
        Type:                  Unpacked
      Phase:                   Unpacking
    Events:                    <none>
    ```

1. Run the following command to get a list of packages: `*`

    ```sh
    $ kubectl get packages
    ```

1. Run the following command to get a list of bundles: `*`

    ```sh
    $ kubectl get bundlemetadata

>     ```

Author: Addressed in 227a130

# catalogd

> Catalogd is a Kubernetes extension that unpacks [file-based catalog (FBC)](https://olm.operatorframework.io/docs/reference/file-based-catalogs/#docs) content for on-cluster APIs. As component of the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) v1 microservices architecture, catalogd hosts Operators and controllers that extend Kubernetes APIs and helps customers discover installable content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Catalogd is a Kubernetes extension that unpacks [file-based catalog (FBC)](https://olm.operatorframework.io/docs/reference/file-based-catalogs/#docs) content that is packaged and shipped in container images, for consumption by clients on-clusters (unpacking from other sources, like git repos, OCI artifacts etc, are in the roadmap for catalogD). As component of the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) v1 microservices architecture, catalogD hosts metadata for Kubernetes extensions packaged by the authors of the extensions, as a result helping customers discover installable content.
```

## OLM v1 ecosystem
[Describe OLM v1 at a high level]
[Link to PRD]
[Link to Milestones]

### OLM v1 components

[List and describe OLM v1 components]

> 

Reviewer 2: This is probably not the right place for this. When we have the GitHub pages that we're working on ready, that's probably where we'll talk about this, and link catalogD repo from there instead.

## Quick start 
**NOTE:** Procedure steps marked with an astericks (`*`) are likely to change in future API changes.

1. To install catalogd, perform one of the following actions:
    - Install the operator-controller, which includes catalogd, by entering the following command:
        ```sh
        $ curl -L -s https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/releases/download/v0.2.0/install.sh | bash -s
        ```

>     - To install catalogd, without installing the operator-controller, follow the install instructions included in the latest release[link] of catalogd.

Reviewer 2: We should probably just talk about how one can install catalogd from releases (I.e check out the releases, choose a release and follow the installation instructions there) 

The fact that operator-controller installs catalogD is an implementation detail of operator-controller, that has no bearing on catalogD by itself.

1. Create a `Catalog` object that points to the OperatorHub Community catalog by running the following command:

    ```sh
    $ kubectl apply -f - << EOF
    apiVersion: catalogd.operatorframework.io/v1alpha1
    kind: Catalog
    metadata:
      name: operatorhubio
    spec:
      source:
        type: image
        image:
          ref: quay.io/operatorhubio/catalog:latest
    EOF
    ```

1. Verify the `Catalog` object was created successfully by running the following command:

    ```sh

>     $ kubectl describe catalog/operatorhubio

Reviewer 2: What are the users expected to see in the output of describe?

Reviewer 2: I'm happy to paste some example outputs here, but I do think it'll be really valuable to get your KIND environment set up too. Happy to help with that if you need
